README.md, before:

# 2019 Novel Coronavirus COVID-19 (2019-nCoV) Data Repository by Johns Hopkins CSSE


This is the data repository for the 2019 Novel Coronavirus Visual Dashboard operated by the Johns Hopkins University Center for Systems Science and Engineering (JHU CSSE). Also, Supported by ESRI Living Atlas Team and the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Lab (JHU APL).

<br>

<b>Visual Dashboard (desktop):</b><br>
https://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6
<br><br>
<b>Visual Dashboard (mobile):</b><br>
http://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/85320e2ea5424dfaaa75ae62e5c06e61
<br><br>
<b>Lancet Article:</b><br>
[An interactive web-based dashboard to track COVID-19 in real time](https://doi.org/10.1016/S1473-3099(20)30120-1)
<br><br>
<b>Provided by Johns Hopkins University Center for Systems Science and Engineering (JHU CSSE):</b><br>
https://systems.jhu.edu/
<br><br>
<b>Data Sources:</b><br>
* World Health Organization (WHO): https://www.who.int/ <br>
* DXY.cn. Pneumonia. 2020. http://3g.dxy.cn/newh5/view/pneumonia.  <br>
* BNO News: https://bnonews.com/index.php/2020/02/the-latest-coronavirus-cases/  <br>
* National Health Commission of the People’s Republic of China (NHC): <br>
 http://www.nhc.gov.cn/xcs/yqtb/list_gzbd.shtml <br>
* China CDC (CCDC): http://weekly.chinacdc.cn/news/TrackingtheEpidemic.htm <br>
* Hong Kong Department of Health: https://www.chp.gov.hk/en/features/102465.html <br>
* Macau Government: https://www.ssm.gov.mo/portal/ <br>
* Taiwan CDC: https://sites.google.com/cdc.gov.tw/2019ncov/taiwan?authuser=0 <br>
* US CDC: https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/index.html <br>
* Government of Canada: https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/diseases/coronavirus.html <br>
* Australia Government Department of Health: https://www.health.gov.au/news/coronavirus-update-at-a-glance <br>
* European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC): https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/geographical-distribution-2019-ncov-cases 
* Ministry of Health Singapore (MOH): https://www.moh.gov.sg/covid-19
* Italy Ministry of Health: http://www.salute.gov.it/nuovocoronavirus

<br>
<b>Additional Information about the Visual Dashboard:</b><br>
https://systems.jhu.edu/research/public-health/ncov/
<br><br>

<b>Contact Us: </b><br>
* Email: jhusystems@gmail.com
<br><br>

<b>Terms of Use:</b><br>

This GitHub repo and its contents herein, including all data, mapping, and analysis, copyright 2020 Johns Hopkins University, all rights reserved, is provided to the public strictly for educational and academic research purposes.  The Website relies upon publicly available data from multiple sources, that do not always agree. The Johns Hopkins University hereby disclaims any and all representations and warranties with respect to the Website, including accuracy, fitness for use, and merchantability.  Reliance on the Website for medical guidance or use of the Website in commerce is strictly prohibited.

Commit message:

Adapt notebook to live in Github/Colab, alter README to reflect notebook

README.md, after:

# Fork of 2019 Novel Coronavirus COVID-19 (2019-nCoV) Data Repository by Johns Hopkins CSSE

This repository adds a Python Jupyter notebook to import the data into Pandas and plot the data. The notebook was originally authored by Leon Avery:
http://www.math.uwaterloo.ca/~lavery/Covid-19/

## Original Description of the Data Repository

This is the data repository for the 2019 Novel Coronavirus Visual Dashboard operated by the Johns Hopkins University Center for Systems Science and Engineering (JHU CSSE). Also, Supported by ESRI Living Atlas Team and the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Lab (JHU APL).

<br>

<b>Visual Dashboard (desktop):</b><br>
https://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6
<br><br>
<b>Visual Dashboard (mobile):</b><br>
http://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/85320e2ea5424dfaaa75ae62e5c06e61
<br><br>
<b>Lancet Article:</b><br>
[An interactive web-based dashboard to track COVID-19 in real time](https://doi.org/10.1016/S1473-3099(20)30120-1)
<br><br>
<b>Provided by Johns Hopkins University Center for Systems Science and Engineering (JHU CSSE):</b><br>
https://systems.jhu.edu/
<br><br>
<b>Data Sources:</b><br>
* World Health Organization (WHO): https://www.who.int/ <br>
* DXY.cn. Pneumonia. 2020. http://3g.dxy.cn/newh5/view/pneumonia.  <br>
* BNO News: https://bnonews.com/index.php/2020/02/the-latest-coronavirus-cases/  <br>
* National Health Commission of the People’s Republic of China (NHC): <br>
 http://www.nhc.gov.cn/xcs/yqtb/list_gzbd.shtml <br>
* China CDC (CCDC): http://weekly.chinacdc.cn/news/TrackingtheEpidemic.htm <br>
* Hong Kong Department of Health: https://www.chp.gov.hk/en/features/102465.html <br>
* Macau Government: https://www.ssm.gov.mo/portal/ <br>
* Taiwan CDC: https://sites.google.com/cdc.gov.tw/2019ncov/taiwan?authuser=0 <br>
* US CDC: https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/index.html <br>
* Government of Canada: https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/diseases/coronavirus.html <br>
* Australia Government Department of Health: https://www.health.gov.au/news/coronavirus-update-at-a-glance <br>
* European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC): https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/geographical-distribution-2019-ncov-cases 
* Ministry of Health Singapore (MOH): https://www.moh.gov.sg/covid-19
* Italy Ministry of Health: http://www.salute.gov.it/nuovocoronavirus

<br>
<b>Additional Information about the Visual Dashboard:</b><br>
https://systems.jhu.edu/research/public-health/ncov/
<br><br>

<b>Contact Us: </b><br>
* Email: jhusystems@gmail.com
<br><br>

<b>Terms of Use:</b><br>

This GitHub repo and its contents herein, including all data, mapping, and analysis, copyright 2020 Johns Hopkins University, all rights reserved, is provided to the public strictly for educational and academic research purposes.  The Website relies upon publicly available data from multiple sources, that do not always agree. The Johns Hopkins University hereby disclaims any and all representations and warranties with respect to the Website, including accuracy, fitness for use, and merchantability.  Reliance on the Website for medical guidance or use of the Website in commerce is strictly prohibited.
